2.0.0beta6 release notes (#4768)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/ocis_release_notes.adoc

- https://owncloud.com/infinite-scale-beta[Infinite Scale Beta Page]
- https://owncloud.com/news/infinite-scale-beta/[Infinite Scale Beta is coming]

=== Beta 6

> Infinite Scale 2.0.0 beta6 includes a huge number of bug fixes, cosmetic and performance improvements. It also brings a large number of bug fixes further hardening the 'Spaces' feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infinite Scale 2.0.0 beta6 includes a huge number of bug fixes, cosmetic and performance improvements. It also brings a lot of improvements and fixes which further hardened the 'Spaces' feature.
```

The most prominent changes in **Infinite Scale 2.0.0 beta6** and ownCloud Web 5.7.0 comprise:

* The drop area for drag & drop uploads is now shown again. https://github.com/owncloud/web/issues/7080[web#7080]
* Deleting multiple files at once now works properly. https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7357[web#7357]
* Some bugs on the 'Shares' page have been addressed (share indicators, declining shares). https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7379[web#7379] https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7355[web#7355]
* The file list rendering performance has been improved. https://github.com/owncloud/web/issues/7038[web#7038]
* Upload stability in Web has been improved with a better access token handling. https://github.com/owncloud/web/issues/7240[web#7240]
* The file versions of a shared file will now be shown. https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7313[web#7313]
* Contextual helper texts for users have been improved. https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7404[web#7404]
* The drop menus in the right sidebar (e.g., role picker) have been visually aligned and improved. https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7365[web#7365]

> * File search will now report the number of results shown (if there are more than actually shown). https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7267[web#7267]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* File search will now report the total number of results (if there are more than actually shown). https://github.com/owncloud/web/pull/7267[web#7267]
```
